DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# DEPLOYMENT
![Mockup image](docs/deployment/deploy_hero.png)


<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117208740-bfb78400-adf5-11eb-97bb-09072b6bedfc.png" width=125  style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896132-54262f2e-6d98-41e3-8888-e40ab5a17326.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="docs/deployment/stripe.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="docs/deployment/heroku_logo.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">

### Initial steps

1. 

- Creating a repository with Project name

- Install packages and dependencies needed for developing the project and "freeze" them in a requirements.txt file created on base level  `pip freeze > requirements.txt`

- create "env.py" to store all sensitive data and IMPORTANT: include this file in gitignore file so that sensitive data is not exposed in github repo.

### Creating a Database

1. To generate a managed PostgreSQL database,  visit the [ElephantSQL](https://customer.elephantsql.com/ ) website  and either create a new account or log in to your existing account. After successfully logging in, follow the steps below to proceed with generating the database
    - Navigate to the dashboard or homepage of your ElephantSQL account.
    - click on the 'Create New Instance' button
        
    -  Name your database and select the 'Tiny Turtle' payment plan. Then, click on 'Select Region'

    -  Select your preferred region and create the database instance.
    After creating the instance, navigate to the instances page and click on the name of the database you selected earlier. Then, in the details section on the following page, copy the PostgreSQL URL.

    - Copy database Url cause its needed for heroku:


### Heroku Initial
 - Initial steps: Few things need to be prepared before initiating deployment to Heroku
    - `SECRET_KEY` variable should be generated in env.py file that will be added to Heroku.
 
    - `DATABASE_URL` variable should be generated in env.py file that will be added to Heroku.


 - creating an App
    -  sign up or sign in to your Heroku account. Next, create a new app from the Heroku dashboard.

    - Choose a unique name for your app and enter the region.Then, click  on the 'Create App' button.
        Once your app has been created, select the 'Settings' tab from the dashboard and navigate to 'Reveal Config Vars'. From there, go to setting tab of your app and in config vars menu paste the:
        - ElephantSQL Database URL into the DATABASE_URL environment variable.
        - SECRET_KEY variable  into the SECRET_KEY environment variable.
        - add DISABLE_COLLECTSTATIC variable with value of 1 (for initial deployment, later this variable can be removed)


### Stripe payment gateway

- Create an account or login  to  [Stripe](https://dashboard.stripe.com/)
- Navigate to home tab
- under developers section copy the values of:
 `SECRET_KEY ` and `PUBLIC_KEY`
- Add those keys as env variables to your env.py file and settings.py file while later those values
will be needed for heroku deployment

### AWS (S3 bucket):

- Sign in or create an account on  [AWS](https://signin.aws.amazon.com/)

1. Create a new S3 bucket:
    * Navigate and Click "Services" in the top left-hand corner of the landing page, click on "Storage" then click "S3."
    * Navigate and Click "Create bucket."
    * Give the bucket a unique name:
        * Will form part of the URL (in the case of this project, I called the S3 bucket pp5-blade)
    * Select the nearest location:
        * My case EU (Ireland) eu-west-1.
    * Under the "Object Ownership" section, select "ACLS enabled"
    * Under the "Block Public Access settings for this bucket" section, untick "Block all public access" and tick the box to acknowledge that this will make the bucket public.
    * Navigate and Click "Create bucket."
2. Edit Bucket settings:
    * Bucket Properties: -
       * Navigate and Click on the bucket name to open the bucket.
       * Navigate and Click on the "Properties" tab.
       * Under the "Static website hosting" section, click "Edit."
       * Under the "Static website hosting" section select "Enable".
       * Under the "Hosting type" section ensure "Host a static website" is selected.
       * Under the "Index document" section enter "index.html".
       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
    * Bucket Permissions: -
       * Navigate and Click on the "Permissions" tab.
       * Scroll down to the "CORS configuration" section and click edit.
       * Enter the following snippet into the text box:

       ```JSON
            [
                {
                    "AllowedHeaders": [
                    "Authorization"
                    ],
                    "AllowedMethods": [
                    "GET"
                    ],
                    "AllowedOrigins": [
                    "*"
                    ],
                    "ExposeHeaders": []
                }
            ]
        ```

       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
       * Scroll back up to the "Bucket Policy" section and click "Edit."
       * Take note of the "Bucket ARN" click on the "Policy Generator" button to open the AWS policy generator in a new tab.
       * In the newly opened tab under Step 1 "Select Policy Type" select "S3 Bucket Policy." from the drop down menu.
       * Under Step 2 "Add Statement(s)" enter " * " in the "Principal" text box.
       * From the "s3:Action" drop down menu select "s3:GetObject".
       * Enter the "ARN" noted from the bucket policy page into the "Amazon Resource Name (ARN)" text box.
       * Navigate and Click "Add Statement."
       * Under Step 3 "Generate Policy" click "Generate Policy."
       * Copy the resultant policy and paste it into the bucket policy text box on the previous tab.
       * In the same text box add "/*" to the end of the resource key to allow access to all resources in this bucket.
       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
       * When back on the buckets permissions tab, scroll down to the "Access Control List" section and click "Edit."
       * enable "List" for "Everyone (public access)", tick the box to accept that "I understand the effects of these changes on my objects and buckets."  and click "Save changes."




3. Create AWS static files User and assign to S3 Bucket:
    * Create "User Group": -
        * Navigate and Click "Services" in the top left-hand corner of the landing page, from the left side of the menu click on "Security, Identity, & Compliance" and select "IAM" from the right side of the menu.
        * Under "Access management" click "User Groups."
        * Navigate and Click "Create Group."
        * Enter a user name .
        * Scroll to the bottom of the page and click "Create Group."
    * Create permissions policy for the new user group: -
        * Navigate and Click "Policies" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click "Create Policy."
        * Navigate and Click "Import managed policy."
        * Search for "AmazonS3FullAccess", select this policy, and click "Import".
        * Navigate and Click "JSON" under "Policy Document" to see the imported policy
        * Copy the bucket ARN from the bucket policy page and paste it into the "Resource" section of the JSON snippet. Be sure to remove the default value of the resource key ("*") and replace it with the bucket ARN.
        * Copy the bucket ARN a second time into the "Resource" section of the JSON snippet. This time, add "/*" to the end of the ARN to allow access to all resources in this bucket.
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Tags."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Review."
        * Navigate and Click "Review Policy."
        * Enter a name for the policy.
        * Enter a description for the policy.
        * Navigate and Click "Create Policy."
    * Attach Policy to User Group: -
        * Navigate and Click "User Groups" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click on the user group name created during the above step.
        * Select the "Permissions" tab.
        * click "Attach Policy."
        * Search for the policy created during the above step, and select it.
        * Navigate and Click "Attach Policy."
    * Create User: -
        * Navigate and Click "Users" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click "Add user."
        * Enter a "User name" .
        * Select "Programmatic access" and "AWS Management Console access."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Permissions."
        * Select "Add user to group."
        * Select the user group created during the above step.
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Tags."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Review."
        * Navigate and Click "Create user."
        * Take note of the "Access key ID" and "Secret access key" as these will be needed to connect to the S3 bucket.
        * Navigate and Click "Download .csv" to download the credentials.
        * Navigate and Click "Close."

Commit message:

Complete stripe section of DEPLOYMENT

DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# DEPLOYMENT
![Mockup image](docs/deployment/deploy_hero.png)


<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117208740-bfb78400-adf5-11eb-97bb-09072b6bedfc.png" width=125  style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/183896132-54262f2e-6d98-41e3-8888-e40ab5a17326.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="docs/deployment/stripe.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">
<img src="docs/deployment/heroku_logo.png" width=125 style="border:solid 1px white; padding: 5px;">

### Initial steps

1. 

- Creating a repository with Project name

- Install packages and dependencies needed for developing the project and "freeze" them in a requirements.txt file created on base level  `pip freeze > requirements.txt`

- create "env.py" to store all sensitive data and IMPORTANT: include this file in gitignore file so that sensitive data is not exposed in github repo.

### Creating a Database

1. To generate a managed PostgreSQL database,  visit the [ElephantSQL](https://customer.elephantsql.com/ ) website  and either create a new account or log in to your existing account. After successfully logging in, follow the steps below to proceed with generating the database
    - Navigate to the dashboard or homepage of your ElephantSQL account.
    - click on the 'Create New Instance' button
        
    -  Name your database and select the 'Tiny Turtle' payment plan. Then, click on 'Select Region'

    -  Select your preferred region and create the database instance.
    After creating the instance, navigate to the instances page and click on the name of the database you selected earlier. Then, in the details section on the following page, copy the PostgreSQL URL.

    - Copy database Url cause its needed for heroku:


### Heroku Initial
 - Initial steps: Few things need to be prepared before initiating deployment to Heroku
    - `SECRET_KEY` variable should be generated in env.py file that will be added to Heroku.
 
    - `DATABASE_URL` variable should be generated in env.py file that will be added to Heroku.


 - creating an App
    -  sign up or sign in to your Heroku account. Next, create a new app from the Heroku dashboard.

    - Choose a unique name for your app and enter the region.Then, click  on the 'Create App' button.
        Once your app has been created, select the 'Settings' tab from the dashboard and navigate to 'Reveal Config Vars'. From there, go to setting tab of your app and in config vars menu paste the:
        - ElephantSQL Database URL into the DATABASE_URL environment variable.
        - SECRET_KEY variable  into the SECRET_KEY environment variable.
        - add DISABLE_COLLECTSTATIC variable with value of 1 (for initial deployment, later this variable can be removed)


### Stripe payment gateway

- Create an account or login  to  [Stripe](https://dashboard.stripe.com/)
- Navigate to home tab
- Under developers section copy the values of:
 `SECRET_KEY ` and `PUBLIC_KEY`
 - Navigate to developer section of stripe dashboard
and Click on the `webhooks` tab to add an endpoint

- Create a webhook with url of deployed project in this format
https://yourwebsite.com/checkout/wh/

- Choose events the webhook will receive(payment intent events) and
add endpoint

- Ensure your webhook is working by doing test with various events

- Add those keys as env variables to your env.py file and settings.py file while later those values
will be needed for heroku deployment

### AWS (S3 bucket):

- Sign in or create an account on  [AWS](https://signin.aws.amazon.com/)

1. Create a new S3 bucket:
    * Navigate and Click "Services" in the top left-hand corner of the landing page, click on "Storage" then click "S3."
    * Navigate and Click "Create bucket."
    * Give the bucket a unique name:
        * Will form part of the URL (in the case of this project, I called the S3 bucket pp5-blade)
    * Select the nearest location:
        * My case EU (Ireland) eu-west-1.
    * Under the "Object Ownership" section, select "ACLS enabled"
    * Under the "Block Public Access settings for this bucket" section, untick "Block all public access" and tick the box to acknowledge that this will make the bucket public.
    * Navigate and Click "Create bucket."
2. Edit Bucket settings:
    * Bucket Properties: -
       * Navigate and Click on the bucket name to open the bucket.
       * Navigate and Click on the "Properties" tab.
       * Under the "Static website hosting" section, click "Edit."
       * Under the "Static website hosting" section select "Enable".
       * Under the "Hosting type" section ensure "Host a static website" is selected.
       * Under the "Index document" section enter "index.html".
       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
    * Bucket Permissions: -
       * Navigate and Click on the "Permissions" tab.
       * Scroll down to the "CORS configuration" section and click edit.
       * Enter the following snippet into the text box:

       ```JSON
            [
                {
                    "AllowedHeaders": [
                    "Authorization"
                    ],
                    "AllowedMethods": [
                    "GET"
                    ],
                    "AllowedOrigins": [
                    "*"
                    ],
                    "ExposeHeaders": []
                }
            ]
        ```

       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
       * Scroll back up to the "Bucket Policy" section and click "Edit."
       * Take note of the "Bucket ARN" click on the "Policy Generator" button to open the AWS policy generator in a new tab.
       * In the newly opened tab under Step 1 "Select Policy Type" select "S3 Bucket Policy." from the drop down menu.
       * Under Step 2 "Add Statement(s)" enter " * " in the "Principal" text box.
       * From the "s3:Action" drop down menu select "s3:GetObject".
       * Enter the "ARN" noted from the bucket policy page into the "Amazon Resource Name (ARN)" text box.
       * Navigate and Click "Add Statement."
       * Under Step 3 "Generate Policy" click "Generate Policy."
       * Copy the resultant policy and paste it into the bucket policy text box on the previous tab.
       * In the same text box add "/*" to the end of the resource key to allow access to all resources in this bucket.
       * Navigate and Click "Save changes."
       * When back on the buckets permissions tab, scroll down to the "Access Control List" section and click "Edit."
       * enable "List" for "Everyone (public access)", tick the box to accept that "I understand the effects of these changes on my objects and buckets."  and click "Save changes."




3. Create AWS static files User and assign to S3 Bucket:
    * Create "User Group": -
        * Navigate and Click "Services" in the top left-hand corner of the landing page, from the left side of the menu click on "Security, Identity, & Compliance" and select "IAM" from the right side of the menu.
        * Under "Access management" click "User Groups."
        * Navigate and Click "Create Group."
        * Enter a user name .
        * Scroll to the bottom of the page and click "Create Group."
    * Create permissions policy for the new user group: -
        * Navigate and Click "Policies" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click "Create Policy."
        * Navigate and Click "Import managed policy."
        * Search for "AmazonS3FullAccess", select this policy, and click "Import".
        * Navigate and Click "JSON" under "Policy Document" to see the imported policy
        * Copy the bucket ARN from the bucket policy page and paste it into the "Resource" section of the JSON snippet. Be sure to remove the default value of the resource key ("*") and replace it with the bucket ARN.
        * Copy the bucket ARN a second time into the "Resource" section of the JSON snippet. This time, add "/*" to the end of the ARN to allow access to all resources in this bucket.
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Tags."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Review."
        * Navigate and Click "Review Policy."
        * Enter a name for the policy.
        * Enter a description for the policy.
        * Navigate and Click "Create Policy."
    * Attach Policy to User Group: -
        * Navigate and Click "User Groups" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click on the user group name created during the above step.
        * Select the "Permissions" tab.
        * click "Attach Policy."
        * Search for the policy created during the above step, and select it.
        * Navigate and Click "Attach Policy."
    * Create User: -
        * Navigate and Click "Users" in the left-hand menu.
        * Navigate and Click "Add user."
        * Enter a "User name" .
        * Select "Programmatic access" and "AWS Management Console access."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Permissions."
        * Select "Add user to group."
        * Select the user group created during the above step.
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Tags."
        * Navigate and Click "Next: Review."
        * Navigate and Click "Create user."
        * Take note of the "Access key ID" and "Secret access key" as these will be needed to connect to the S3 bucket.
        * Navigate and Click "Download .csv" to download the credentials.
        * Navigate and Click "Close."
