README.md, before:

# PP5 UNDER DEVELOPMENT
(Developer: Bogdan Maria)

![Mockup image]()


[View live website]()

## Table of Contents
0. [About](#about)
1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
2. [Business Model](#business-model)
    1. [SEO](#seo)
    2. [Marketing](#marketing)
    3. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    2. [User Stories](#user-stories)
    3. [Site Owner Stories](#site-owner-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Colours](#colours)
    2. [Fonts](#fonts)
    3. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
    4. [Database](#database)
    5. [Data Models](#data-models)
    6. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    7. [Agile Design](#agile-design)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages & Frameworks](#languages--frameworks)
    2. [Libraries and Tools](#libraries--tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Future Features](#future-features)

7. [Validation](#validation)
    1. [CSS](#css)
    2. [Html](#html)
    3. [Javascript](#javascript)
    4. [Python](#python)
    5. [Chrome Dev Tools Lighthouse](#lighthouse)
    6. [WAVE Validation](#wave)  
8. [Testing](#testing)

9. [Bugs](#bugs)

10. [Deployment](#deployment)
    1. [Heroku](#heroku)
    2. [AWS][#aws]
    2. [Forking GitHub Repo](#forking-the-github-repository)
    3. [Clone a GitHub Repo](#clone-a-github-repository)
12. [Credits](#credits)
    1. [Code](#code)
    2. [Tutorials](#tutorials)
    3. [Imagery](#imagery)
13. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Overview

BellaCuccina MArket Webstore is a Django full-stack e-commerce app designed to offer italin produce in an online shop. With its smooth user experience, dynamic content updates, and integration with the Stripe API, the webstore offers a reliable platform for customers to explore and purchase high-quality italian products. Webstore focuses on providing an effortless and logical interface. Through the use of AJAX calls,parts of the website content is updated dynamically, eliminating the need for page reloads and ensuring a seamless browsing experience. Users can explore various knife options, view detailed product descriptions, and add items to their shopping cart without interruptions.The underlying technology stack  includes the Django Full Stack Web Framework, which provides a solid foundation for developing scalable and robust web applications. Additionally, Bootstrap is utilized for front-end styling, resulting in a visually appealing and responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes.
To experience the  BellaCuccina Market Webstore, you can visit the deployed project using the provided link.
If you wish to test the purchase functionality, you can use the following mock payment details:

- Card Number: 4242424242424242
- Expiration Date: Any future date in the format MM/YY
- CVN: Any 3-digit number
- Postcode: Any 5-digit numeral

Please note that any payments made using actual payment cards will fail, and no charges will be incurred. The webstore is designed for demonstration purposes, and no orders made will be fulfilled.
Enjoy the BellaCuccina Market experince.
***
## Project (Site owner) Goals

- To offer users purchase of products listed on a webstore
- To give users a great user experience while visiting a webstore
- To give users option for buying as a guest or a registered user
- To allow user creating or updating an account
- To give users option to check the order history
- To give users option to leave a poduct review
- To give users option to save products on a wishlist

### User Goals

- View and search for products.
- Filter products based on criteria.
- Register and log into/out of an account.
- View and edit account profile.
- Add products to the shopping bag and make purchases.
- View order history.
- Write product reviews.
- Create and manage a wishlist.
- Contact the site owner or customer support.
- Sign up for a newsletter.

## Business Model



BellaCuccina Market was born out of a love for authentic Italian food and a desire to share the unparalleled quality and tradition of Italian ingredients with food enthusiasts around the world. From the rolling hills of Tuscany to the sun-drenched coastlines of Sicily, we source our products from trusted artisans and farmers who take pride in their craft, ensuring that every item meets the highest standards of quality and taste.

- Value Proposition:
    - Pasta: Discover our diverse collection of pasta, from classic spaghetti and penne to regional specialties like orecchiette and tagliatelle. Each variety is made using traditional methods and premium durum wheat, providing the perfect base for your favorite sauces and recipes.
    - Cured Meats: Our selection of cured meats includes an array of Italian delicacies such as prosciutto, salami, pancetta, and more. These artisanal meats are crafted using time-honored techniques and carefully aged to perfection, delivering rich, savory flavors that elevate any dish.
    - Fresh Produce: We bring you the freshest, highest-quality produce, from vibrant cherry tomatoes and crisp arugula to fragrant basil and robust zucchini. Our produce is sourced from local growers who prioritize sustainability and freshness, ensuring that you receive the best nature has to offer.

- Target market:
    - BellaCuccina Market's target market consists of a diverse group of consumers who share a passion for high-quality, authentic Italian food. 

- Customer Relationships:
    - Engage with customers through social media, email newsletters, and personalized communications to foster brand loyalty.
    -  Encourage customer feedback and reviews to continuously improve the product selection and overall shopping experience.

- Communication channels:
    - E-commerce website: Provide a user-friendly online platform where customers can browse, select, and purchase italian products.
    - Social media platforms: Utilize platforms like Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter to showcase the products, engage with the audience, and drive traffic to the webshop.

### SEO


### Marketing


### Target audience

- Home Cooks: Individuals who enjoy cooking at home and experimenting with authentic Italian recipes.
- Food Lovers: Consumers who appreciate the rich flavors and traditional methods of Italian cuisine.
- Food Connoisseurs: People who seek premium, artisanal ingredients for their culinary creations.
- Gourmet Food Enthusiasts: Customers who value high-quality, specialty food products.
- Quality-Conscious Shoppers: Consumers who look for minimally processed, natural ingredients.
- Italian Expatriates: Individuals living abroad who want to stay connected to their cultural roots through traditional Italian foods.

##### Back to [top](#table-of-contents)

## User Experience

### User Requirements and Expectations

- Intuitive and user-friendly website interface.
- Clear and detailed product descriptions.
- High-quality product images.
- Easy search and filtering options.
- Secure and seamless checkout process.
- Convenient account registration and login.
- Ability for customers to leave product reviews and ratings.
- Option to create and manage a personal wishlist of desired items.

### User stories

1. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like website navigation to be fast and easy
2. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like the ability to browse through all the products available on the site.
3. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to search the website to see what kind of product are offered to purchase
4. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to see a details of a products on a website such as(description, price)
5. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to refine my search of products on a website by
Price ,rating, and alphabet
6. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to select product and add it to my shopping basket
7. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to select multiple product and add it to my shopping basket
8. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to increase or decrease quantity of products in my shopping basket
9. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to register for an account  to a website
10. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to save and  edit my account information
11. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to see relevant info and my order history on my account page
12. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to delete an account(profile) if I find no use in using the website anymore
13. As an authenticated user/customer I would like functionality to add my details(shipping and billing) to a secure checkout form so that they could be saved along with my order to easier keep track of my past purchases
14. As user/customer, I would like functionality to put in my card details so that I can make a purchase
15. As an authenticated user/customer I would like functionality to leave a product review on a product detail   page so that other customers deciding on purchase of the item will have an insight from somebody who already bought the product
16. As a authenticated user/customer I would Like functinality to edit or delete my product review so that information given in review are up to date and can help other users /customers
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.

| id  |  content | Github issue Numb
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
|  [#1](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/1#issue-2300158963) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like website navigation to be fast and easy|  |
|  [#2](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/3#issue-2300171942) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like the ability to browse through all the products available on the site.|  |
|  [#3](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/2#issue-2300163971) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to search the website to see what kind of product are offered to purchase|  |
|  [#4](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/4#issue-2300177757) | A s an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to see a details of a products on a website such as(description, price)|  |
|  [#5](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/5#issue-2300181182) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to refine my search of products on a website by
Price ,rating, and alphabet ||

## Design
***
### Colours

### Fonts

## Project Structure 


##### Back to [top](#table-of-contents)

## Database
***


### Data Models

#### User model

- User model as part of the Django allauth library contains basic information about authenticated user and contains folowing fields:
username, password,email

####  Product
- Product model made to represent webshop product containing all relevant fields giving user/customer information they need to make a desired purchase

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|category       | category      | ForeignKey| 'Category', null=True, blank=True, on_delete=models.SET_NULL|
|item_no    | item_no   | CharField|  max_length=254, default=random_generated_string,unique=True|
|description     | description    | TextField|  |
| price      |  price     | DecimalField| max_digits=6, decimal_places=2 User|
| weight     | weight    | DecimalField|  max_digits=5, decimal_places=2 |
|image_url      | image_url   | URLField|  max_length=1024, null=True, blank=True|
|image      | image   | imageField| null=True, blank=True|


####  Category

- Model made to clearly separate usage and desing of various webshop products
containing bellow stated fields

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|name      | name   | CharField|  max_length=254|
|notes       |notes     | TextField|  null=True, blank=True|
|slug      | slug     | SlugField| max_length=254, blank=True, null=True|
|friendly_name      | friendly_name     | CharField|  max_length=254, null=True, blank=True|


####   CustomerProfile

- Model representing an account of a registered user containing
following fields:

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User, on_delete=models.CASCADE|
|default_phone_number      | default_phone_number     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_country       |default_country    | CountryField|  blank_label='Country *', null=True, blank=True|
|default_postcode       | default_postcode     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_town_or_city       | default_town_or_city     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_stereet_address1       | default_stereet_address1     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_street_address2       | default_street_address2     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_county       | default_county     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|



####  Contact

- Model made with purpose of storing contact info between user and business with bellow stated fields:

  INQUIRY_CHOICES = [
        ('', 'Purpose of Inquiry'),
        ('PRODUCT', 'Poduct Inquiry'),
        ('ORDER', 'Order Inquiry'),
        ('SUGGESTIONS', 'Suggestions'),
        ('OTHER', 'Other'),
    ]


| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
| inquiry_purpose  |inquiry_purpose      | CharField|  max_length=24, choices=INQUIRY_CHOICES |
|name        |name      | CharField|  max_length=100|
|email       |email      | EmailField|  max_length=100|
|phone      |phone     | CharField|  max_length=20, blank=True, null=True|
| message      | message     | TextField|  max_length=1000|
| date_submmited     | date_submmited    | DateTimeField|  auto_now_add=True|




#### Order

- Model storing iforation relevant to customer webshop order ,containing
fields:
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|order_number       | order_number     | CharField|  max_length=32, null=False, editable=False|
|user_profile        |user_profile       | ForeignKey|  CustomerProfile,
                                     on_delete=models.SET_NULL, null=True,
                                     blank=True, related_name='orders'|
|full_name        | full_name    | CharField|  max_length=50, null=False, blank=False|
| email     | email    | EmailField| max_length=254, null=False, blank=False|
|phone_number       | phone_number     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=False, blank=False|
| country       | country      | CountryField|  blank_label='Country *', null=False, blank=False|
| postcode      | postcode     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
| town_or_city      |  town_or_city    | CharField|  max_length=40, null=False, blank=False|
|street_address1       | street_address1     | CharField|  max_length=80, null=False, blank=False|
|street_address2       | street_address2     | CharField|  max_length=80, null=False, blank=False|
|county        | county      | CharField|  max_length=80, null=True, blank=True|
|date       | date     | DateTimeField|  auto_now_add=True|
|order_total       | order_total     | DecimalField|  max_digits=10, decimal_places=2, null=False, default=0|
|grand_total       | grand_total     | DecimalField|  max_digits=10, decimal_places=2, null=False, default=0|
|original_cart       | original_cart     | TextField|  null=False, blank=False, default=''|
|stripe_pid       | stripe_pid     | CharField|  max_length=254, null=False, blank=False, default=''|


####  model
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|


####  model
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|


### Wireframes

<details><summary>images</summary>

<details><summary>Home page</summary>
  <img src="docs/wireframes/home_page.png" >
</details>

Commit message:

Add user sotires and facebook page

README.md, after:

# PP5 UNDER DEVELOPMENT
(Developer: Bogdan Maria)

![Mockup image]()


[View live website]()

## Table of Contents
0. [About](#about)
1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
2. [Business Model](#business-model)
    1. [SEO](#seo)
    2. [Marketing](#marketing)
    3. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
    2. [User Stories](#user-stories)
    3. [Site Owner Stories](#site-owner-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Colours](#colours)
    2. [Fonts](#fonts)
    3. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
    4. [Database](#database)
    5. [Data Models](#data-models)
    6. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    7. [Agile Design](#agile-design)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages & Frameworks](#languages--frameworks)
    2. [Libraries and Tools](#libraries--tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Future Features](#future-features)

7. [Validation](#validation)
    1. [CSS](#css)
    2. [Html](#html)
    3. [Javascript](#javascript)
    4. [Python](#python)
    5. [Chrome Dev Tools Lighthouse](#lighthouse)
    6. [WAVE Validation](#wave)  
8. [Testing](#testing)

9. [Bugs](#bugs)

10. [Deployment](#deployment)
    1. [Heroku](#heroku)
    2. [AWS][#aws]
    2. [Forking GitHub Repo](#forking-the-github-repository)
    3. [Clone a GitHub Repo](#clone-a-github-repository)
12. [Credits](#credits)
    1. [Code](#code)
    2. [Tutorials](#tutorials)
    3. [Imagery](#imagery)
13. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Overview

BellaCuccina MArket Webstore is a Django full-stack e-commerce app designed to offer italin produce in an online shop. With its smooth user experience, dynamic content updates, and integration with the Stripe API, the webstore offers a reliable platform for customers to explore and purchase high-quality italian products. Webstore focuses on providing an effortless and logical interface. Through the use of AJAX calls,parts of the website content is updated dynamically, eliminating the need for page reloads and ensuring a seamless browsing experience. Users can explore various knife options, view detailed product descriptions, and add items to their shopping cart without interruptions.The underlying technology stack  includes the Django Full Stack Web Framework, which provides a solid foundation for developing scalable and robust web applications. Additionally, Bootstrap is utilized for front-end styling, resulting in a visually appealing and responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes.
To experience the  BellaCuccina Market Webstore, you can visit the deployed project using the provided link.
If you wish to test the purchase functionality, you can use the following mock payment details:

- Card Number: 4242424242424242
- Expiration Date: Any future date in the format MM/YY
- CVN: Any 3-digit number
- Postcode: Any 5-digit numeral

Please note that any payments made using actual payment cards will fail, and no charges will be incurred. The webstore is designed for demonstration purposes, and no orders made will be fulfilled.
Enjoy the BellaCuccina Market experince.
***
## Project (Site owner) Goals

- To offer users purchase of products listed on a webstore
- To give users a great user experience while visiting a webstore
- To give users option for buying as a guest or a registered user
- To allow user creating or updating an account
- To give users option to check the order history
- To give users option to leave a poduct review
- To give users option to save products on a wishlist

### User Goals

- View and search for products.
- Filter products based on criteria.
- Register and log into/out of an account.
- View and edit account profile.
- Add products to the shopping bag and make purchases.
- View order history.
- Write product reviews.
- Create and manage a wishlist.
- Contact the site owner or customer support.
- Sign up for a newsletter.

## Business Model



BellaCuccina Market was born out of a love for authentic Italian food and a desire to share the unparalleled quality and tradition of Italian ingredients with food enthusiasts around the world. From the rolling hills of Tuscany to the sun-drenched coastlines of Sicily, we source our products from trusted artisans and farmers who take pride in their craft, ensuring that every item meets the highest standards of quality and taste.

- Value Proposition:
    - Pasta: Discover our diverse collection of pasta, from classic spaghetti and penne to regional specialties like orecchiette and tagliatelle. Each variety is made using traditional methods and premium durum wheat, providing the perfect base for your favorite sauces and recipes.
    - Cured Meats: Our selection of cured meats includes an array of Italian delicacies such as prosciutto, salami, pancetta, and more. These artisanal meats are crafted using time-honored techniques and carefully aged to perfection, delivering rich, savory flavors that elevate any dish.
    - Fresh Produce: We bring you the freshest, highest-quality produce, from vibrant cherry tomatoes and crisp arugula to fragrant basil and robust zucchini. Our produce is sourced from local growers who prioritize sustainability and freshness, ensuring that you receive the best nature has to offer.

- Target market:
    - BellaCuccina Market's target market consists of a diverse group of consumers who share a passion for high-quality, authentic Italian food. 

- Customer Relationships:
    - Engage with customers through social media, email newsletters, and personalized communications to foster brand loyalty.
    -  Encourage customer feedback and reviews to continuously improve the product selection and overall shopping experience.

- Communication channels:
    - E-commerce website: Provide a user-friendly online platform where customers can browse, select, and purchase italian products.
    - Social media platforms: Utilize platforms like Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter to showcase the products, engage with the audience, and drive traffic to the webshop.

### SEO


### Marketing


### Target audience

- Home Cooks: Individuals who enjoy cooking at home and experimenting with authentic Italian recipes.
- Food Lovers: Consumers who appreciate the rich flavors and traditional methods of Italian cuisine.
- Food Connoisseurs: People who seek premium, artisanal ingredients for their culinary creations.
- Gourmet Food Enthusiasts: Customers who value high-quality, specialty food products.
- Quality-Conscious Shoppers: Consumers who look for minimally processed, natural ingredients.
- Italian Expatriates: Individuals living abroad who want to stay connected to their cultural roots through traditional Italian foods.

##### Back to [top](#table-of-contents)

## User Experience

### User Requirements and Expectations

- Intuitive and user-friendly website interface.
- Clear and detailed product descriptions.
- High-quality product images.
- Easy search and filtering options.
- Secure and seamless checkout process.
- Convenient account registration and login.
- Ability for customers to leave product reviews and ratings.
- Option to create and manage a personal wishlist of desired items.

### User stories

- From User/customer perspective
1. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like website navigation to be fast and easy
2. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like the ability to browse through all the products available on the site.
3. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to search the website to see what kind of product are offered to purchase
4. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to see a details of a products on a website such as(description, price)
5. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to refine my search of products on a website by
Price ,rating, and alphabet
6. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to select product and add it to my shopping basket
7. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to select multiple product and add it to my shopping basket
8. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to increase or decrease quantity of products in my shopping basket
9. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to register for an account  to a website
10. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to save and  edit my account information
11. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to see relevant info and my order history on my account page
12. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to delete an account(profile) if I find no use in using the website anymore
13. As an authenticated user/customer I would like functionality to add my details(shipping and billing) to a secure checkout form so that they could be saved along with my order to easier keep track of my past purchases
14. As user/customer, I would like functionality to put in my card details so that I can make a purchase
15. As an unauthenticated user/customer I would like to be able to view and read reviews of products to make informed purchasing decisions.
16. As an authenticated user/customer I would like functionality to leave a product review on a product detail page so that other customers deciding on purchase of the item will have an insight from somebody who already bought the product
17. As a authenticated user/customer I would Like functinality to edit or delete my product review so that information given in review are up to date and can help other users /customers
<!-- new ones -->
18. As an authenticated user/customer, I want to have the option to add products to my wishlist for future reference and easy access.
19. As an authenticated user/customer, I want to be able to remove items from my wishlist, so that I can manage my saved products effectively and remove those that I am no longer interested in
20. As an authenticated user/customer, I want to receive email notifications for order confirmations, shipping updates, and special promotions.
21. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to be able to view and read reviews of products to make informed purchasing decisions.
22. As an authenticated user/customer, I would like to have the option to contact team or the site owner for any inquiries or assistance related to products or orders.
23. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I want to see links to the business's social media profiles on the website to stay connected and follow updates on different platforms.
24. As an unauthenticated user/customer, I want to have the option to contact the business through social media channels (such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter) for inquiries or support.
25. As an unauthenticated user/customer, if I encounter a page not found error, I want to be redirected to a relevant page or provided with suggestions to navigate back to valid areas of the site.

- From site owner perspective:
26. As a site owner, I want to provide secure payment options for customers, such as integrating with secure payment gateways (e.g. Stripe)
27. As a site owner, I want to be able to add new products to the webshop, including details like product name, description, price, and images.
28. As a site owner, I want to be able to delete existing products from the webshop that are no longer available or relevant.
29. As a site owner, I want to be able to update product information, such as descriptions, details, prices, and images, to keep the webshop content accurate and up to date.
30. As a site owner, I want to integrate a newsletter signup form  to capture user information and allow customers to subscribe for updates and promotions.
31. As a site owner, I want to ensure that error pages allow users to easily return to valid areas of the site without relying on browser controls.


| id  |  content | Github issue Numb
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
|  [#1](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/1#issue-2300158963) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like website navigation to be fast and easy|  |
|  [#2](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/3#issue-2300171942) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like the ability to browse through all the products available on the site.|  |
|  [#3](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/2#issue-2300163971) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to search the website to see what kind of product are offered to purchase|  |
|  [#4](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/4#issue-2300177757) | A s an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like to see a details of a products on a website such as(description, price)|  |
|  [#5](https://github.com/BogdanMaria/bellacuccina/issues/5#issue-2300181182) | As an unauthenticated user/customer, I would like functionality to refine my search of products on a website by
Price ,rating, and alphabet ||

## Design
***
### Colours

### Fonts

## Project Structure 


##### Back to [top](#table-of-contents)

## Database
***


### Data Models

#### User model

- User model as part of the Django allauth library contains basic information about authenticated user and contains folowing fields:
username, password,email

####  Product
- Product model made to represent webshop product containing all relevant fields giving user/customer information they need to make a desired purchase

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|category       | category      | ForeignKey| 'Category', null=True, blank=True, on_delete=models.SET_NULL|
|item_no    | item_no   | CharField|  max_length=254, default=random_generated_string,unique=True|
|description     | description    | TextField|  |
| price      |  price     | DecimalField| max_digits=6, decimal_places=2 User|
| weight     | weight    | DecimalField|  max_digits=5, decimal_places=2 |
|image_url      | image_url   | URLField|  max_length=1024, null=True, blank=True|
|image      | image   | imageField| null=True, blank=True|


####  Category

- Model made to clearly separate usage and desing of various webshop products
containing bellow stated fields

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|name      | name   | CharField|  max_length=254|
|notes       |notes     | TextField|  null=True, blank=True|
|slug      | slug     | SlugField| max_length=254, blank=True, null=True|
|friendly_name      | friendly_name     | CharField|  max_length=254, null=True, blank=True|


####   CustomerProfile

- Model representing an account of a registered user containing
following fields:

| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User, on_delete=models.CASCADE|
|default_phone_number      | default_phone_number     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_country       |default_country    | CountryField|  blank_label='Country *', null=True, blank=True|
|default_postcode       | default_postcode     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_town_or_city       | default_town_or_city     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_stereet_address1       | default_stereet_address1     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_street_address2       | default_street_address2     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
|default_county       | default_county     | CharField| max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|



####  Contact

- Model made with purpose of storing contact info between user and business with bellow stated fields:

  INQUIRY_CHOICES = [
        ('', 'Purpose of Inquiry'),
        ('PRODUCT', 'Poduct Inquiry'),
        ('ORDER', 'Order Inquiry'),
        ('SUGGESTIONS', 'Suggestions'),
        ('OTHER', 'Other'),
    ]


| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
| inquiry_purpose  |inquiry_purpose      | CharField|  max_length=24, choices=INQUIRY_CHOICES |
|name        |name      | CharField|  max_length=100|
|email       |email      | EmailField|  max_length=100|
|phone      |phone     | CharField|  max_length=20, blank=True, null=True|
| message      | message     | TextField|  max_length=1000|
| date_submmited     | date_submmited    | DateTimeField|  auto_now_add=True|




#### Order

- Model storing iforation relevant to customer webshop order ,containing
fields:
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|order_number       | order_number     | CharField|  max_length=32, null=False, editable=False|
|user_profile        |user_profile       | ForeignKey|  CustomerProfile,
                                     on_delete=models.SET_NULL, null=True,
                                     blank=True, related_name='orders'|
|full_name        | full_name    | CharField|  max_length=50, null=False, blank=False|
| email     | email    | EmailField| max_length=254, null=False, blank=False|
|phone_number       | phone_number     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=False, blank=False|
| country       | country      | CountryField|  blank_label='Country *', null=False, blank=False|
| postcode      | postcode     | CharField|  max_length=20, null=True, blank=True|
| town_or_city      |  town_or_city    | CharField|  max_length=40, null=False, blank=False|
|street_address1       | street_address1     | CharField|  max_length=80, null=False, blank=False|
|street_address2       | street_address2     | CharField|  max_length=80, null=False, blank=False|
|county        | county      | CharField|  max_length=80, null=True, blank=True|
|date       | date     | DateTimeField|  auto_now_add=True|
|order_total       | order_total     | DecimalField|  max_digits=10, decimal_places=2, null=False, default=0|
|grand_total       | grand_total     | DecimalField|  max_digits=10, decimal_places=2, null=False, default=0|
|original_cart       | original_cart     | TextField|  null=False, blank=False, default=''|
|stripe_pid       | stripe_pid     | CharField|  max_length=254, null=False, blank=False, default=''|


####  model
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|


####  model
| Name          | Database Key  | Field Type    | Validation |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|
|user       | user     | OneToOneField|  User|


### Wireframes

<details><summary>images</summary>

<details><summary>Home page</summary>
  <img src="docs/wireframes/home_page.png" >
</details>
